right summer is transfer talk has to be
isn't it and we've been asking Devils
who they want to see at United marijuana
Fellaini many people is a nice easy
United player i said i think is i think
Moises said he shall be a defensive
midfielder in fact in fact the thing
Fellaini said that I mean that's what we
need we need we need somebody to hold
the defense alongside Kari obviously
young got skulls anymore and I think it
would be a perfect replacement won't
play we've been linked with lately there
would be a bit of a dream move for the
United fans of each cesc fabregas is
someone that knows the Premier League
well is creative midfielder to get goals
if you create goals it's a sort of big
name as well that really made the rest
of the Premier League silk and said know
is if we could game I think you'd be a
great sign of United arturo vidal
clearly because is absolutely fantastic
he's he's strong he commanded the
midfield he's got stamina he can run for
anything score goals he could do his
work defensively he's got great
positioning that's exactly what you're
not indeed in that midfield for the next
season Gareth Bale because he's the best
player in the Premier League and I think
he's if there's a player in the league
at the moment we've not United who
everything about him says you know it
then it's him rubber levendusky he wants
to come to Manchester now and he's
already said that one year left on his
contract 15 million bargain buy that he
also season he's Ilkay Gundogan from
Persia Dortmund I feel they've been the
perfect midfield it was lying next to
market area there's not too many
weaknesses in the United liner but
limited for are things that he would fit
in that gap perfect could buy it but
luckily the Premier League could be a
possible possible action and the
department was Couric it's all the
stocks been a gala fail trying to get in
from Spurs but I think one player that I
know we only went though I seasonable we
should still be looking at his most of
them belly people were going on about it
before he left followed and he's such a
good strong player he's a box-to-box
sack and he's not always getting in the
team of spurs and I think that we put in
a strong bid we might be able to get all
of it and he's some other could really
improve our midfield ilkay gundogan
it wouldn't disrupt the fluidity of our
team when we're in full flow and you
could just seemed slightly next to
Carrick brilliant length is definitely a
united player thiago alcantara from FC
barcelona we've got a lot of creativity
you know is I think we need a little bit
more Spanish in theme you'd be perfect
to health l brain booster together and
the training ground to go for helping me
as you guys been there for a while now
and its creativity with your perfect
fruit play like a gallows Cristiano
Ronaldo why wouldn't we want Ronaldo
back in the night he is one of the best
players in the world probably the best
if you don't include messy and and we
and we just need that winger we need a
winger that well that's not scared to
take on defenders and I think Valencia
is kind of he's not been that player
last season and I think when Aldo will
bring that back to Manchester United
that's what you Devils think the big
name a time recording though is cesc
fabregas ah man you coming back gee i'd
i'd love to the idol of the same I'd
love the same why do you think I think
he's awesome i think it's called so many
goals askim captain early 20s they could
be great century feeler maybe not a
defensive midfielder that a lot United
fans say we need but yeah it's got that
goal scoring potential I think he would
be a good addition we get bail in as
well don't bail Fabregas Carrick tell
you we need back from lon babby but what
about they'll the other one that's
obviously we've got videos up on
full-time Devils about Wayne you got
you've got a kind of scientific way
assessing this I've got a delicate I've
got this covered so a lot of people find
it quite difficult to understand
transfer so I've come up with them so
we've got Wayne Rooney here that's all
Trafford a picture that I've taken a
picture of Old Trafford and I've taken a
picture of a door where we put Rooney is
how close he is to the exit door at the
minute rune is here so make of that what
you will so if you didn't understand
what was going on when he's what you're
facing that way so it still not sure
which way is going yeah so he is getting
towards the door but he's looking back
he's like oh I don't know where the most
money is his agents may be in the DAR
yeah smoking a cigar that is lit from a
20 grand check well thank you it's been
it's been wonderful we'll keep tracking
it now we're not gonna leave it there we
would check it back next week and see
where Rooney is if you want transfer
chat more serious stuff when you think
Rudy should go got three video or two
videos coming out three out three and
three out video up on the channel and
the three in is coming very soon so all
the roads out there if you want to be
part of this all you've got to do is
subscribe